Namo Buddha Shakyamuni.
First of all, on behalf of the
Buddhist practitioners in the Golden Cuckoo Club practicing the Six Harmonies,
I would like to extend my greetings and best wishes to
all the parents of the Buddhist practitioners
in the Golden Cuckoo Club practicing the Six Harmonies. I
respectfully address you, elders,
thanks to the teachings of our Venerable Master Thich Truc
Thai Minh, I am like your child.
We have been connected and
have practiced the Dharma in the
Golden Cuckoo Club's central temple.
We have made a vow to
practice together and treat each other's parents
as
our own. In our practice,
we have made
this vow: if a Buddhist practitioner's parents fall ill, the
entire group will take turns
caring for them, each for one day. We
believe that
if we do not cultivate
love and repay the debt of gratitude for
our parents' upbringing, we may
not be able to fulfill our filial duty to them
completely. Therefore, in this lifetime, we strive to
cultivate filial piety.  If we only consider our parents,
perhaps the merit we accumulate
cannot be complete. We
cannot possibly say that we can have enough
love for all our parents.
Therefore, we consider all of them as our
parents in this life, our past parents, and our
future parents.
The Buddhists in the club are
very happy with this shared filial piety vow;
everyone has this vow.
If our parents are sick, we
will take turns caring for them. We
may not have much money, but we will contribute our efforts to
visit
them during the day to bring them joy, to share
Buddhist teachings, and
to help them.
Today, I also
want to know about the thoughts and feelings of our parents,
so I would like to ask them some questions to
see if our actions as
Buddhists are in line with their wishes. I
have one question:
When you gave birth to us,
what did you expect from us? I would like to ask
you to answer.  Can I express my opinion? I have
Namo Amitabha Buddha. Yes, ma'am, the
most important thing for mothers who give birth to children is to see
them grow up under the complete guidance and
education of their parents, so that they become good people and
repay their parents' kindness to society and to society
in many lifetimes. I swear, ma'am, I swear... Then I
ask the elders here, is there
anyone here who shares the same wish as the elder Lao who just
spoke? Yes, please
raise your hands so I can see. Let's see if
any of you share the same wish: to
give birth to children and hope they receive the
complete education from their parents, so that they are
happy and contribute to society.
If you agree, please give
a round of applause!
Yes, that's right, we
understand the feelings of parents. Parents give birth to children
without
complaint, without fear of hardship or
difficulty, with only one wish for their children: to
hear their parents' teachings
so that they grow
up, are happy,
contribute to society, and later repay their
parents' kindness.  And moreover,
may mother and child, father and child, never be separated for
eternity. That is our wish
today, on the occasion of the Vu Lan season in
2023, we respectfully address all the
Buddhist parents in our Golden Chrysanthemum Club. Perhaps
before knowing
about Buddhism, before practicing in the
Golden Chrysanthemum Club, we might not have been able to do
this,
but as Buddhists in the Golden
Chrysanthemum Club,
practicing
diligently, we will be able to do this.
We affirm that we will be able to
do this. We study
Buddhism, we know how to do
good, we know how to abandon evil and do
good, we believe in karma, and we
place filial piety first. Therefore,
today, all the Buddhists in
our club are very
happy to welcome the parents
here to Ba Vang Temple
to take refuge in the
Three Jewels. Taking refuge in the Three Jewels
for our parents is our joy and happiness.
Firstly, we have done
an extremely great act of filial piety
by bringing our parents into
Buddhism.  My parents, practicing Buddhism, believe in
karma and its consequences, and
practice the Buddha's teachings of giving and observing
precepts so that they may enjoy blessings for many lifetimes. Equally
important is that
from now on, parents and children are bound together for
eternity, never to be separated, as
disciples of the Buddha.
Therefore, we, their children, will
not only
practice filial piety towards them in this lifetime,
but in many future lives,
we will be born again as their children and
continue to practice filial piety to
repay their kindness.
Their wish was to give birth to
us, raise us, and bring
us happiness, to
teach us good things that bring
happiness to ourselves and benefit society.
We affirm that with
our diligent practice, not only in
this life but in many
future lives, perhaps even until our final lives when
we become Buddhas, we will continue
on the path of bringing happiness to ourselves
and to the
many. This is something we have done to bring
joy and
fulfillment to our parents, and we will never
leave them.
Even though
we see and know our parents in this life in
this form,
we will still meet them in the next life. They
may take different forms, but we will certainly
meet again because we have made the
Bodhisattva vow to become Buddhas and to form a karmic connection
with our parents, not only in
this life but also in past lives from countless eons. We will fulfill our filial duty
to the very end. Therefore, we can fulfill our parents
' wishes, and
with our diligent practice,
we, as Buddhists,
will surely complete and even surpass what our
parents expect. This is a gift
we offer to show our filial piety to our parents
during the Vu Lan season. We hope that our
parents will
accept it with joy.
We will do our best to make our parents happy. I would also
like to hear the thoughts and feelings
of our parents, both
before
and after they became Buddhists.
How did they perceive their children?  Now, we humbly request that you,
our elders, share with us Buddhist sisters what we need to improve so that
we can practice better. And
what we have already achieved, we can all
happily help each other to do even better.
We humbly request that you, Father and Mother,
give us some guidance.
[Applause]
Dear esteemed guests,
present at tonight's event at
Ba Vang Temple and before the headmistress, we
would like to sincerely present a few things about
our children. Our children
are Bui Thi My Ai and her son-in-law, Trinh Huu
Thuc. Today, both sets of grandparents have been brought here by our children. We see that our children were always good and diligent in their work, but since joining Ba Vang Temple and participating in the
Golden Chrysanthemum Club, we have seen them
progress even
more, both emotionally and intellectually. They
live well within the family, treat their
parents and grandparents well, and encourage their
children to
study very
well.
I focus on cultivating my health and
spiritually, doing
good deeds, so our health is becoming more and more
enduring.
I must honestly tell the esteemed elders
here and the club leader that I am 91 years old,
my wife is 86, and my
in-laws are all over 80 years old, yet we are still
healthy enough to participate in activities
like this today. We sincerely
thank the club,
Venerable Thich Chuc Thai Minh, and B
Vang Temple, as well as all of you who have come to
witness this. Thank you all.
Thank you very much, elders.
In the club, we always
encourage each other. When the elders are
sick, the congregation visits, inquires about, and takes
care of them. As for the younger members,
we cultivate filial piety a
lot. We practice all the Dharma teachings of our
master on filial piety, and we
also sit in meditation to
review and examine our actions
during
the day to see how
we behave towards our parents.  Are our parents-in-
law treated equally, or are they given
sufficient care?
Today, we are
very happy and joyful to have you all here
with us during the Vu Lan season. We
can express our feelings and
thoughts, offering our devotion to you. We are
very happy. We
hope that all Buddhists in the
Quoc Vang Club will
daily offer
spiritual nourishment
to
our parents, so that you can be proud of us. We
will
gradually strive to become exemplary and model
individuals in our families and villages, becoming role models for
others to emulate.
We
will also encourage each other to participate in
positive collective activities, offering our filial
piety and devotion to you. We
wish
you long, healthy lives, and that you will listen to and follow the Buddha's teachings,
accompanying us on the path to
happiness from this life
to the next, until the day we attain
Buddhahood.  For Buddhists living
abroad who cannot return to
Vietnam to care for their parents,
we have connected with Buddhist centers.
Those centers near the Buddhists' homes
will assist in visiting and fulfilling
the caregiving duties of their
parents.
We consider
this a source of happiness and something
we strive for to cultivate filial piety.
We also hope
that in the future, if the elderly become ill,
they will accept our love and the love of
all the brothers and sisters in the Buddhist community as
their own children.
Once again, I wish the elderly
a Vu Lan season
filled with
happiness and pride because of
their children. We sincerely
hope that from now until
the end of their lives, the elderly will always hear the
Buddha's teachings, be
disciples of our master, listen to the Dharma to
open their wisdom, and sow good seeds for
happiness in this life and the next. We respectfully
wish the elderly much happiness and
good health.
[Music]
Grandpa I
[music]